2026-06-08 12:59:39 CST|58min 40s

Keywords:
more creators、creator video、more brands、content creators、brand video、more videos、more content、different brands、other creators、creator group、different things、creators bandwidth、many creators、other content、better videos、other different things、timing thing、blitz call

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:00:06.330 
Hello now. Good. Are you done?

Lenea Marketily 00:00:09.440 
For you.

Lenea Marketily 00:00:17.270 
Little tired.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:00:19.620 
Yeah, so I guess what time is it for you right now? Gotcha. Are you safe?

Lenea Marketily 00:00:25.070 
9:00. And apparently they're done firing rockets for whoever knows how long. So hopefully that. It's pretty wild.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:00:36.290 
Yeah, I cannot imagine how stressful that is. Hey, Eva. Good. Even me, Lena, one of our other clients, she run, right? Hasan has a. Okay.

Eva Daci 00:00:45.810 
hi， how are you i background of school？

Hasan Zia / Cult Content 00:00:54.239 
Hi, everyone. Oh yeah, yeah, I have my video on. So yeah, it's good. Yeah, I go sometimes with video, sometime not, you know, but yeah, I should go more with video. So yeah, yeah, yeah. You have better background, Tommy. You know, my background is like clothes and things and my support here. So yeah, make sense, right?

Lenea Marketily 00:00:56.190 
Hasan, you're on video. Okay. Now we know you look like.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:01:15.120 
Yeah, I feel like I always have to have my video on. It's just like something about, especially when I'm in the bus. Cuz if I'm in the bus, then it just make sense. Yeah, yeah.

Lenea Marketily 00:01:32.920 
Thank you. That's my background. Behind me is where I pulled all of the laundry. So the videos off. But.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:01:41.010 
Just wait till I'm like at the Grand Canyon or something and then like that's what will be into that account. I don't know. We get so even usually these calls are super chill. Di Amanda, how's it going? Will sometimes go over like last time on the group call, we went over the paid media stuff. So we're getting different brands start with paid media and running ads and all that. So we like had everyone install an app through richer. And so for that, like we don't need to do that with you right now. Other times we'll just be going other different things. Sometimes people have specific problems that they go over, and so we will do that as well. Yes. How's it going? Good, good. And then, yeah, so it's sometimes general conversations. Sometimes we get into different specific problems.

Eva Daci 00:01:44.270 
oh that would be awesome。

Yash Chitnis 00:02:29.610 
Hey. Hi, everyone. Doing well. How are you?

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:02:43.530 
Today I want to talk with everyone about this inner circle group that we're creating. I had 22 people that are interested. And so we're gonna be kicking that off on Wednesday. Already in the client portal, if you haven't seen it so far, there is a place for you to toggle that on. And ops, I talked with creators on Friday about it had maybe 20 creators on like the our Culture Hour, which is what I'm calling the office hours now. And the consensus was that it is a good deal for them and that, you know, they're interested in doing it. And so we're going to be rolling that out. I'm gonna need to work on some stuff on the technical side, the back end, to make it so that when they sign up, like we work out all of the logistics for that, but just know that is going and you can toggle that on in your client portal now. Yes, I think that yours is still disconnected. So if you haven't connected that, wanna make sure that gets done.

Yash Chitnis 00:03:59.190 
It's on. Sure, I'll do that.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:04:06.410 
And then, of course, too, obviously if there's bugs, different things, let me know. But yeah, I think that's the main stuff. Yes. So this will be essentially the way that it'll work is a creator commits to making at least 15 pieces of content. And like, I'm gonna actually make sure that they commit and it's gonna be tracked and all of that. And it's 15 per month and this is, it'll be 50%, hello, it'll be 50% target collab commission and 25% on ads.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:04:50.880 
The idea is it's a couple different things. No. 1, we need to build around creators who are committed and who understand content, who want to work full time for a brand. And so this is a way for us to sort of have those people. No.2, it is like the idea essentially is to come up with the viral content format. And so this is the content that once we have that in place, other creators can replicate it. And that's how this works and how it's successful.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:05:34.060 
The, something that I've been thinking about recently is that a lot of brands and a lot of the success that's on TikTok shop will be, you know, like it's very isolated, right? So it's basically it's like the 80,20 rule, except probably even more skewed, right? So it's really like the top point zero one % of shops are probably bringing in like half the revenue on the platform, right? So it's like goalie will, you know, have a video go viral. They're able to push that out to like a bunch of creators. And then the creators obviously will replicate that content format and be able to keep crushing for that brand. And so there's these trends, right? And so from the creator's perspective, they have to look out for like, they're basically always looking for a, like, what this next hot product is, right? So like they wanna catch a product that's just starting to take off. There is a viral video that they can replicate and then they can just, you know, duplicate that content and earn their 10, even if it's only 10% commission, right? Cuz a creator who earns 10% commission but already has the viral format for them, already knows that they're gonna be selling product that 10% is gonna make them way more than a 25% for a product that isn't proven, right? And so this is the case across all of TikTok shop right now. And it's been that way for a long time.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:07:11.100 
And so the ultimate challenge that we have is to find that winning content format, right for each of you guys. I I want to make content for all of you. Diamandia, I know like you had another blitz campaign and I was like, okay, I was saying I'm gonna make content. I didn't do it. And that's partially a bandwidth thing. Yes, same thing with you. I've got my honey sticks right here. Still need to make content for you. I made a, I met up with an affiliate this morning, a local affiliate, which is cool. We went, got coffee and that was one of the things that he told me was like, he thinks I should be more involved in making the content. And so I'm gonna be working on that. But I also have a very limited bandwidth as well. And so we really need these creators who are gonna be super. Admitted to each of you guys. So that is the idea behind the inner circle.

Diamandia Lingos 00:08:21.280 
So on that note, Donny, I think that your content is really great. And like I mentioned to you before, like I think that you were one post you could have cut up into 5 posts. And like, from like a bandwidth standpoint, I think you're making it harder for yourself. Cuz like you're so charismatic from the camera, you're so informed in front of the camera. Like if you said like, like wait for the next post to get the next piece of information, like, and cut that video into five, you would have, you know what I mean? Like you have, I think it's already done for you from a content creation standpoint. Like I agree with the affiliate network, I agree with everything else you said. But if that's the problem, like the that sole problem you're trying to solve, you have it already in the video itself. You could just cut that up, repost the same video that you just posted for me last, the last time I cut into five pieces scheduling you're out cuz it's so it was like three or five minute. It was so informative. There's so much info in there or so wonderful, like what you did, you know, so, and I think a lot of also affiliates get stuck in this as well. And I get stuck in this as a founder. Like it's I, it's like, we already have it. We just need to cut it differently, slice it, like use the same content that we've already done, add like a background, a different audio background, target all the way down and  reach. Shoot it out, you know, like. What?

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:09:58.480 
Yeah, well, and so for me, so couple different things, right? Like one, I've been working like, I don't know, 18 hour days and which is great and I love it. And so it's like, but I need to have some like a little bit more structure and be like, okay, I'm making content for this brand today. Are making, you know, like, and also too, like I need to be making other content, like cool content as well. So like, I have a ton of content, but I need to be making. And so we gotta, I gotta pull those levers and find that. But also to it is like, ultimately it's a bandwidth thing. And it's like having like one creator who's, you know, just like, even if they're not, if they don't have like, they haven't made 1,000 videos like I have, but like they're super committed to a brand and they'll make 30 pieces of content for one it for like, you know, for a brand, like that's gonna be really powerful. And so I can hum.

Lenea Marketily 00:11:06.440 
So I have a question about that, right? Cuz like we did this 10 videos with Priscilla. I think she's great. I think her content is really easy to watch and like some of her videos have gotten like 200 views, which is great. But like your one video got, I think 400 or something on just one of your videos. And like, so how do you make sure you're gonna give these contracts to creators who are gonna, like, you have, I think 1/3 of the number of followers is her and Mike, all of this, but your videos have already gotten more attraction. Your one video got more traction than all of her videos combined, right? So like, how do you know which that's right.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:11:48.570 
Maybe I should just make content just.

Lenea Marketily 00:11:52.530 
No, but like, but really like, oh, I could give her like 100% GMV, like commission, right? Like we're not getting any sales. So it doesn't really matter what the percentage is. If we're getting like a lot of her videos have 1322 views, 35 views, like I'll give her 100% commission. Like I'm never gonna get a sale from 15 views. She can make as many videos as she wants. I like them. But if they're not gonna get views, but it doesn't matter. So like, I'm happy to try this 50% commission and get creators that are excited. Like the end of the day, if they're not gonna bring the views or the sales, then like it doesn't get us any closer.

Lenea Marketily 00:12:33.970 
I feel like, right, like Olivia was super pumped in the call that we had, but then I went to her page, cuz I was like, okay, maybe this is somebody we should like work with. And I see that most of her posts have like 20 views and I'm like, okay, that that's not who I need to like push us, you know.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:12:51.520 
So I agree 100%. Like ultimately we need use details and not every creator has that. Right now. We have an interesting group with content creators. We have a lot. So, and this is also too, because and it, and it's, it's on, it's kind of interesting cuz it aligns with like, with I like everybody in the group basically is not everyone. We have some creators who have crushed it like millions in GMV. And we do group calls and they coach and they do whatever, right? Those are the creators who, if they're gonna go live, they charge $250 an hour to go live. They wanna do, if you want them to make short videos, you know, it's 300 bucks a video, like, and so that isn't necessarily like the most sustainable option, I would say.

Diamandia Lingos 00:12:54.590 
And I hope your meeting.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:13:55.020 
And two, like those creators have found, like for example, Becca, right? She's done one and a half or over. What is this? Something like close to $1 million in GMV, right? But most of that has been through Meta Queue, right? And so she's crushed it for Meta Cube. She's gonna make, keep making videos for Meta Cube. And if we were to pay her, I don't know, $1,000 for a couple. Can everyone else hear me okay? Yeah, I'm not sure, Eva. So if we were to pay her, I would not expect it to even work necessarily.

Lenea Marketily 00:14:27.820 
I hear you.

Yash Chitnis 00:14:29.090 
Yep.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:14:47.010 
Now, it's gonna be better content than what a lot of the creators have put out or like, but would put out. And so essentially what I'm looking to do with this inner circle group is say take a creator like Olivia, right? Her content isn't necessarily super great. She doesn't, she hasn't crushed it with views, but she has the potential and she's has the belief that she can. And so if I'm able to coach her and we're able to meet once a week or twice a week with her and go through her content and say, hey, look, you know, like if you were to change the lighting here, if you were to have a better hook here, or if you were able to, you know, do X, y, and Z, then your videos would do better. And so then that next week when she post five videos for you, they get 300 views instead of 30 views, then we're in a much better spot. And then of course, to like. No, it's okay. The more creators that we have doing that, then they can learn together as well. That make sense?

Lenea Marketily 00:15:17.560 
Right.

Lenea Marketily 00:15:41.650 
Right. So I. Yeah, sorry.

Lenea Marketily 00:16:01.030 
So I think part of like my issue is that we didn't have a lot of creators to begin with. And then of all the of the ones we did have, I think only like three or four ended up posting and you were one of them, right? So like even the ones that seemed really eager, like didn't end up posting and then the ones who did, all their video got flagged. So it was a really rough blitz.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:16:23.430 
Yeah, that was not the. And I think too, we didn't have that highest attendance on your calls either, and that was frustrating to me. And so we had.

Lenea Marketily 00:16:34.800 
Right, like you have 600 people in your discord channel. Like how do we get more people involved and excited and.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:16:43.280 
Yeah, so I think in it, and it's interesting, like, yes, I think we've had a good number of people on your calls, probably 30 to 40. And so there's, and I don't know if it's a timing thing or copy think with it, but like, you know, we have like 10 people on your calls. Lena, do you mind if we're starting to get more creators on your calls as well? Like the most recent call that we did, we had like 15 on there. And so it is starting to ramp up. I think that the, for the, okay, so for the like actual execution of the blitz, there were definitely some things that I think part of it is getting more creators on the call. And so that's texting them more, having, you know, more just information, I guess, about the brand as well for them. But I think to as well, like the, if we can make one creator really successful, that's gonna help to snowball this whole thing. And this has been.

Lenea Marketily 00:18:15.130 
Right. I mean, we had some that were like very excited and into it. Like I'm writing with some of them like personally, you know, and they're like really excited, but their videos are flagged. So they're a little bit discouraged. But just the majority never even posted. Like we sent samples, we did all of that, right? And like they didn't even post.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:18:34.720 
Yeah, but when I in I text them to. So I think Lenny, I wanna schedule another group call with you that we can push out further. And I think to having people replicate that video that I did that got the 300 views or, you know, 400 views or whatever it was like just copying that bar for bar would be good. And so that is, yeah, we definitely need to do that. Let me see if actually.

Lenea Marketily 00:19:05.620 
Right.

Yash Chitnis 00:19:20.990 
So Tommy, a couple of questions. How many folks do you think have signed up for that, the inner circle scheme that you're looking at taking forward, that's one. Second is say you have say around 20 odd people, right? But then again, those 20 people will again have to alert their bandwidth across multiple brands, right? Because you would be offering them all the 5,6,7 brands that you're working with.

Yash Chitnis 00:19:54.630 
Again, that creates a bit of issue in terms of how much time a particular creator, if he or she is a full time creator and only doing this only then it makes sense. But I assume not because we're typically in conversations with, I think, you know, people with less followers who are doing this on part time basis, so that creates a bit of issue, would want some clarity on that. Again, very open to give 50% commission or whatever higher commission that keeps them motivated.

Yash Chitnis 00:20:26.460 
But I don't know. I mean, and of course we, whatever this like, you know, this scheme, ideally, I think we should start off from the next month because we anyways have our volume campaigns ongoing for this particular month. That's my view. But in any case, the texting thing, like, you know, just increasing the top funnel, right, Tommy, there is something else that needs to be done. See, to be honest, the text blast, I believe that, you know, you were also trying to do for our let's launch and all.

Yash Chitnis 00:21:02.740 
What was the conversion that you saw? How many people do you think came from the text plus? Do you have some sort of data to back it, whether even if it's, you know, bringing in some results, because as far as I remember, I was able to track almost like, you know, whatever, 20 to 22 people that were on call that day. Most of them had kind of signed up. Out of them, five, 6 people were people who had already had a product. Alright, because we started a bit early, but what are the other sources that we can do? I'm not very sure how successful the text plus is. I know I've set a couple of points. Maybe we can take them one by one.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:21:42.570 
Okay, so in the first concern about creators, and there like the C, the creators bandwidth, the idea behind cuz we do have creators that are like, they're doing this part time and they want to do it full time. Pretty much every creator that I've talked to, they're like, if I could do it full time, I would do it full five. What they need is an opportunity that makes them feel like they can do it full time or that, and basically commit them, that will have them committed to doing it full time.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:22:25.390 
Now, I actually don't think that there's a huge amount of overlap. There's definitely some creators who like want, you know, sample from every brand and all of that. So like that's out there. But I think that for the most part, there are certain creators who will find your, you know, find a brand and be like, okay, I wanna make a bunch of content, you know, for DM idea or on a big, make a bunch of content for trusted rituals, right? And so like that is people are definitely self selecting.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:22:57.440 
Think in that I want to get this inner circle thing going as soon as possible. I'm gonna have the call with the creators on Wednesday. And so, and ideally to like, we'll be able to get them kicked off. And for the first session or like first, you know, group, it would basically run from now until the end of July. And so we'd be able to have, you know, go for these next 20, like, well, I guess next 50 days, basically.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:23:35.830 
Of course, if we crush it and like over the next 20 days, and it's like, you know, we figure out the winning format and you can toggle it off and that's fine. But I would want commitment for the next like 50 days, basically. And also, this is something that is on top of the current bonus structure, because that bonus structure is being offered to everyone for every sample that we send out. If we don't have a bone structure in place like that, you're only gonna be getting one video like at all. Like that's the what the data shows, like especially for a brand, I get a new brand on TikTok. It's very rare that like a creator will be like, oh, like I add this sample and I love this brand so much that I'm gonna make four or five videos without having some type of incentive structure in place for them. And so I wouldn't recommend toggling, turning that off just because we have the inner circle group going as well.

Yash Chitnis 00:23:56.680 
Almost.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:24:48.620 
The point on the conversion rates with the text sync definitely varies. So sometimes, you know, we send that blast text out and we get, you know, 30 creators on a call. Sometimes it's, you know, less than 10. And so I don't know exactly know what the data is on that. So another thing that when I had the conversation with the affiliate in person this morning, he was saying that we gotta make sure that we're sending the call recordings out of the people. And so that is something that I'm gonna make sure that we need to be doing as well. So essentially sending out each call recording and having like a library for creators to go through and watch calls.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:25:43.010 
Essentially what I need to be building is like a creator portal as well. So like a place where creators can log in, they can see the brands that they're working with, they can see the deals that they have, they can see the calls, whether it's the Culture Hour or it's a, you know, call with a brand and they could sign up to be in the inner circle as well. So it's like a lot to build basically, but I think I can get it done pretty fast.

Yash Chitnis 00:25:43.760 
Yes.

Yash Chitnis 00:26:15.530 
Got it. So the recordings, I think aligned with you, Tommy. Not very sure about the numbers that are quoting of 10 or 30 creators, because just in the group, right, how many people were actually there on the call for blitz launch? You mentioned that 20 to 24, which was our account, which was one of the highest amongst all calls. So I don't know, we just need to maybe, you know, go back and see whether the text blast is, you know, helping us it because he that is the only strategy as of now that you have to increase the top of the funnel, which we're not sure I if it's spec. I know.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:26:54.460 
After all my structure, we've got the text blast, which is obviously that's like creators after they've been onboarded. Also to we've added in an additional like hundred creators since then that I've joined the community since the group, the like your blitz call. So there's in terms of top of funnel for creators, we have email outreach, sending like 1,000 emails a day to creators to get them just in the group and with their contact info. We've got the shop messages on each account that are sending. And then we have, you know, of course, that like, and there's lots of different ways to like, for once we actually have a call scheduled, it's texting, it's, you know, notifications in discord and its shop messages, all three of those.

Yash Chitnis 00:27:52.660 
Got it. So how many people, Tommy, do you think you, that you know, we have that have signed up or would be interested in the inner circle opportunities. 22. Got it. And these are brand diagnostic at this phase. Got it. So then we're assuming that out of those 22, almost maybe half of them or one fourth of them would ideally, like each brand would get at least so many, right, broadly. 9:55.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:28:05.210 
So far, 22 have signed up for. Yeah. At this, in this point, yes.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:28:30.340 
So ideally, you know, each of you, would you get a lead? I mean, and even if it was five, you know, that's still never five times 15 years. Yeah, exactly. So that'd be 75 pieces of content that are iterated. So like in theory, they would be getting better and better and I'll be learning it collectively as a group.

Yash Chitnis 00:28:46.550 
75.

Yash Chitnis 00:28:59.190 
Make sense? I'm also aligned. I'm okay with the aggressive approach, happy to support on the higher commissions and trying out with more content. My only a request is that since we anyways have volume campaigns, which asks them to make 10 videos, maybe we should ask more videos, maybe say 20 or 25. Maybe 20 also seems to be a big number because already they would have posted some content until now. That's my suggestion mission, but we can, yeah, look into it.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:29:25.210 
Okay.

Yash Chitnis 00:29:28.040 
Secondly, Tommy, I really believe there is some level of serious analysis required in terms of the current content that we have right out there through various creators, what act actually is working well or what isn't working well. So that the 15 videos that we're gonna get out of each of those five people, well, we're able to actually guide them better in terms of, you know, hooks that they should be doing that I think can be helpful. And just like running a very tight loop of feedback on each of them. And I'm also happy to, you know, be on those calls at the brand level itself. But somewhere we'll have to make it very brand specific for each one of us, each of the brand owners here. So that you know that personal communication with five or six people is able to motivate them and also maybe, you know, help them. I mean, making better videos.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:30:27.990 
I agree. I mean, that's the whole idea between like for this is essentially more focus on the quality of the content. Cuz if they're gonna be posting 20 videos, of course we want those to be good and they want it too, right? And so the idea with the Inner Circle is like, so essentially they get, they can show up to the Culture Hour and then this is an additional call that it's just for creators that are part of the inner circle and they're required to show to those calls and they're required to post a certain amount of content, they make these two commitments. And I, at first, it's going to be probably just one group call for all the inner circle. And then, yeah, we will do calls that are brand specific. So yes, for you, like we have all the inner circle trusted ritual, you know, the creators on one call that you would be in, we'd be able to go through that content together. And so yes, definitely the, a lot of it is gonna come down to like making sure that the creators are getting on the calls. Part of the inner circle thing is that they have to commit to being on the calls, so that is the benefit of doing this as well. And then.

Lenea Marketily 00:31:59.310 
Do you have the time to be like tweaking all their videos and giving them advice. Like you were just saying that you feel like you're kind of stretched, then you're working likes 16 hour days. Do you feel like you're gonna be able to really mentor them properly? Like I like one of my creators that had a lot of her videos posted, she said that she was gonna request a different product and that she would send me all of her videos. But I have no idea what I'm looking at, right? Like, I would rather her send them to you, but like, do you have time to like give feedback and look at all their videos, especially if there's 75 videos per all of your brands like.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:32:38.070 
So no, the short answer is I don't have time to go through every creator video. Of course, if creator sign me content or if we're on a group call and we're reviewing content, like we do look at that the the like there's a couple different ways that we can support creators. So one of course, is on the group calls. And if, and there's like general coaching. There's a lot of stuff that we can do just through education for the creators. And so like when we have it, when we're doing a group call, and I'll talk about how I've generated 100 million views or whatever, something like that, right? And I'll do a lesson like that. Couple weeks ago, we had Becca, who you know I was talking about earlier and she's done $1 million in GMV and she's she gave a presentation on live. So there's ways that we can educate creators like that in terms of giving direct feedback. That's essentially something that we need to be doing as well. There are some things that we can do to like automate that, but it's not gonna be entirely what we need. And so I think partially as well is the number one thing that we can do to have creators create good content is iterate on what's already working. So part of what a model that I think works well would essentially be like Lena, say for you, we had Olivia join the inner circle for approve Science. The first thing that I would have Olivia do is replicate that video that I made and do that like, you know, five times or, or, you know, five times over the course of one week or 10 times over the course of one week. And then of those 10 that she does, and each one's a little bit different, then we iterate on that. The number one, right? So that's kind of the format that needs to be done. The easiest way for us to do that is to just have that weekly call with them. That make sense.

Lenea Marketily 00:35:01.640 
And the other thing I was gonna say is, like you said, to maybe send out the calls afterward. And I'm wondering how likely it is for these creators who weren't part of the call, which like has some buzz to it, you know, when you're in a live call, how likely it is if they're gonna actually watch the videos. I was wondering what you think of like, I don't know if you or Hasan or even E, each of us were just to make like a two minute clip instead like a recap that and then we could post the video of that in the discord channels. It might also like be helpful just because like there's like a lot of messages going through. Sometimes it's very quiet and then sometimes there's like a lot and there's offers from you guys. And then there's some random people that are saying that they have jobs available. And I can imagine that all these creators are on multiple discord channels. And I can imagine it would be overwhelming for them to like sift through the opportunities. So maybe if there was like a two minute clip, you know, to introduce them to an opportunity, maybe that would do better than having to watch an hour long call.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:35:08.860 
Hum.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:36:13.350 
Yeah, that makes sense. The I do think that a little like video clip would be helpful. I don't know. I don't think that we need to do it after every call, but definitely having each brand having a video, I think would be helpful. So then create and like just basically super quick like introduce a brand, introduce a product, introduce the creator incentive opportunity, and then, you know, like direct them to cuz in that video, we can text to creators when we first, you know, tell them to get on the call. We can embed it in the page for the, like the sign up page, we can have that in discord. So we can have that in a lot of different places. So I do think that would actually be really helpful. And we just need to put together a framework for that. And I would need support from each of you to like basically produce that video. And we can have, we can have, we can edit it and we can, you know, obviously distribute it and post it as well. So we could, I would just need content to be done. So I think the amount you have a video that's like that. Yeah, Shanna, you have a ton of content out there already.

Lenea Marketily 00:36:53.560 
Right. Right.

Lenea Marketily 00:37:24.560 
Right.

Lenea Marketily 00:37:39.920 
And then the last thing I would say is like our last call came right after trusted rituals call. And like if each tall is 30,45 minutes, I think that we have a lot of overlap. We had a lot of similar creators. I can't imagine people are gonna wanna be on calls for two hours straight, you know, and like be available when they're would be making content, making money. They don't wanna sit through calls. So eh, that like another reason why a two or three minute clip, you know, if I could give them some information, if then they want more and they wanna join the call, then great. But I don't know how to space that out better, right? Like, yeah, I know Yasha was saying the same thing, like we have overlap.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:38:05.760 
Hundred percent.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:38:27.900 
Yeah, I do. I think that is definitely something that needs to be addressed, especially the more brands that we bring on. So I think, and, and 2, cuz like creators, you know, they're usually wanting to take calls in like the afternoon and there's only so many days in a week, right? We got like five days in a week. And so, yeah, let's see. Yeah, so ideally that would be, we would definitely space out those.

Lenea Marketily 00:39:14.800 
Also, if you like compared our two like blitzes, like Ye Yash got like, I think how many videos? 80 and we got like nine so far. Like what can under like help us understand why that what the difference was.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:39:34.740 
So I think that No. 1, it was attendance on the calls. Yes, had more people on the calls. And part, and like that too is like there are certain things that influence that. So yes, had existing like creators that were already had products. So that's part of it. I think also your calls got inhibited in some way, like through what we just mentioned with the scheduling. True. Should have a lot of branded content that went out.

Lenea Marketily 00:39:55.600 
Okay.

Lenea Marketily 00:40:12.590 
But even if he had 40, right, like we've had nine, like it's a huge difference still.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:40:19.280 
Yeah, so I think that, yeah, I and and we definitely have to do. I think that a lot of it is promoting and just getting the creators on the call or doing exactly what you're talking about, where they setting a video, getting them to understand the opportunity and, you know, be a part of it even without getting on the call. So I do think that's an important move and I can work on that. See, so here's the thing. Like we talked about, obviously there is a basically limited bandwidth. I want to make sure actually, maybe I just need a man and just like make a bunch of content. Cuz I think that the having that video is really important, even if it's just two minutes to go through the brand, go through what makes, you know, products different, go through the opportunity. All that gets embedded in the sign up page. I get sent in discord, I get sent in the, like any text messages for when we get a brand on. And so I think that would be helpful. And I can, I think I can produce those too. So here's like, might like blow a fuse in my brain right now.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:42:01.760 
But cuz kind of what you were mentioning to Lina, like my content is good. Like I know what I'm doing when it comes to content and the amount like you for you as well. My content's good and I should be making content for each of you. Not even like cuz I'm gonna be the No. 1 affiliate, but because it gives creators a starting point and it shows them that I'm on like the frontlines working hard as well. But I think along with that would be that two minute video that gets them to understand the product and the opportunity and that kind of stuff as well. And that can be posted to TikTok too.

Lenea Marketily 00:42:49.280 
Right, like Priscilla made a video talking to creators that it's a good opportunity to like join our campaigns, right? Like if you just did something like that, like really talked about the brands, like I, I, I, I mean, I would love for you to be like our creator and making all of our content that's going on TikTok. That would be awesome, right? But like, that's not really feasible for you to do that for all of our brands and not have you really mentoring and pushing all the other creators. Like I think that what we need is for you to be mentoring and pushing creators to join in and iterate and try all these different things. And maybe you're giving them ideas and maybe you're making a video here and there, but it doesn't really, in my mind, make sense for you to be the creator for all of us.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:43:33.910 
Yeah, I agree. That said, I do think it makes sense for me to create several videos at like, at least that the brand video and then the like a, you know, a handful of videos that are actually like, you know, for the TikTok shop videos. So, and I think to, there's some things that I can do on my end to make that easier for myself. So I'll just do this. I'll just get that done.

Yash Chitnis 00:44:12.270 
For me, I just have a quick question of, on the Wednesday call, you're going to take a sense of w w, how many creators are signing up for which specific brands so that we know in the next 2,3 days how many creators are actually going to be eligible for the f 50% commission and 15,20 videos coming out of them in the next 20 days.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:44:36.630 
So you'll know exactly and you'll be able to keep data on that as well. Right now, TikTok still has not approved the creator app, which means that TikTok, like the, when a affiliate connects our TikTok account, it doesn't actually work, which is annoying. I have a few, I'm very close to getting that approved. So that'll give us, it's honestly gonna make Hasan and my life much easier in a lot of different ways. If that is approved by Wednesday, you'll be able to like see it in your dashboard, in your client portal. You'll be able to see like inner circle data for that and like how many creators have joined the inner circle and different things like that. Even if it's not, I'll still, you know, we'll track everything manually and make sure that, you know, so.

Yash Chitnis 00:45:35.520 
Got it. So on the Wednesday call, do send across the invite to me also. I'd also like to be there also on the Wednesday call. Are we as brands making some sort of like presenting what our product is and what is the USB is that something planned or that's just going to be an overall.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:45:55.270 
So for the Wednesday call, the, I still haven't scheduled it yet. So I need to get that scheduled. But I was planning on having that be like creators only and just cuz it's basically still an interest call. And so I've got 20 creators who have said that they're interested. I might send out another text just to get them interest, like, you know, figure out who else is get, basically get more people on that list. And then it's going to be going over the basic structure of it and the opportunity for them. Cuz right now they, there's not, they don't know a lot about that and what's what the commitment is for them as well. So it'll be all of that.

Yash Chitnis 00:46:43.290 
Understood, fair. So, but whenever you're able to scheduly, do send me the link as well. I'll be a silent, I'll just be fly on the wall. Okay, if that's looks.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:46:52.550 
Okay, I'll throw that link into the Growth Partners chat so that we all can join if you'd like to. Cool. Person. And so, yes, lots of stuff going on. Let's see what else. I do think that I need to be making more videos. That's like one of the things I've been learning today from you guys. And then also from the affiliate that I spoke with this morning. So. And lots of software development, too. What other concerns you guys have? Questions, concerns? Eva, I hope that you're not too scared now after seeing all of this.

Yash Chitnis 00:47:03.290 
Works. Okay, guys, I need to drop off. No, thanks a lot, everyone. Yeah, I'll catch you up.

Eva Daci 00:48:07.680 
No, I'm good. I just like, obviously don't have any questions cuz I'm brand new to this. So yeah, skincare. Yeah, yeah, definitely. What do you have? Got it. Okay. Awesome. Got it. Okay.

Lenea Marketily 00:48:17.040 
What business do you have, Eva? Oh, nice. It's like fun to know what each other do. We have a health supplement brand.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:48:22.980 
Yeah, I can send me make.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:48:39.620 
I'll send both you as friends in here session. Yeah, Lenny, I want to do a better job for you. I don't crush it for you.

Lenea Marketily 00:48:44.100 
It's not my brand, to be fair. I just work for them.

Lenea Marketily 00:48:57.950 
That would be amazing. Also, I'm happy to do this like inner circle and 50% like let's like throw things at opportunities, like whatever we have to do, like we have to see like some movement, you know, like I can't go back to, you know, the company and say like, okay, we've gotten nine videos in last month, right? Like that won't go over very well. So whatever we have to do, like we have to really push this. Otherwise they're just gonna like shut it down. Like, I don't know how we get like the creators who didn't post at all. Like how do we get them to post?

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:49:21.290 
Yeah, for that. Yeah, yeah. The.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:49:38.780 
I will text them cuz I've got, let's see here. I think these are yours.

Lenea Marketily 00:49:46.630 
Are, you know, like candy coffee, like she posted and her video got flagged and she's trying to get it a prove she has one up. Priscilla even had a few videos flagged. What's her name?

Lenea Marketily 00:50:02.520 
Jenna, who also is very energetic. Maybe you should invite her if you didn't already do your inner circle. She posted two videos, but one of them got flagged. But she was in the group trying to help each other people to figure out what's going on. Like, I would love for her to post more videos. I think shift potential. I don't know. But yeah, like just a lot of them didn't post. Like, I don't know how to move that.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:50:08.480 
Season.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:50:17.890 
Okay.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:50:31.250 
Yeah, I think. There's the texting them, I think is gonna be one of the best ways. One thing as well that I think we started this with the ammonia, but having a creator group on Lark so that they can send stuff in there could also help. Yeah, so the discord works as well. I've been moving more and more towards Lark just cuz I've gotten a lot of complaints. I mean, like people all the time are like, oh, I got on discord, but like, I don't know how to use it, which I guess people say the same thing about Lark. So neither one is perfect. But yeah, I'm tryna. Let me think. And we can do both as well. Like obviously the big brands like goalie, for example, they've got Lark, they've got discord, they've got everything, right?

Lenea Marketily 00:51:03.410 
Is that better than doing this discord channel? Like we just open the discord?

Lenea Marketily 00:51:48.140 
I just like don't even know what to post in there, right? Like I've tried to like write some messages, but I don't even know what I'm doing. Like, I don't know how to get them excited. Eh, the ones who are excited are the ones who posted and like, that's it. Their videos are flagged. And like, now what we're waiting for, hopefully approvals. I don't know if there's anything you guys can do for that, but we're just kind of stuck. Like.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:52:00.710 
Right.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:52:12.480 
So that would be the part of the benefit of Lark, is that because that's where TikTok, like it was, I guess it was.

Lenea Marketily 00:52:24.350 
So I was okay, like it's helped concerns and like making claims. They made claims in the video. Yeah, but like then some of them made the same claims and like their videos were fine and it's like very, you know, hot and cold. I don't know.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:52:32.740 
Yeah, like the, yeah, like, oh, this will kill. It's basically.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:52:50.600 
And it is like you have to dance around the algorithm to otherwise you get the violations.

Lenea Marketily 00:53:04.110 
And like candy coffee said that she just read from our listing, right? So it's stuff that we have in our listing. And for some reason, that's five.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:53:14.010 
Yeah, yeah, there's, let me see.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:53:25.730 
Stuff like that gets a little tricky.

Lenea Marketily 00:53:33.200 
Don't want our listing to get flag cuz she's bringing attention to it, but.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:53:37.790 
Well, I think it was the creative brief, actually, that we had done. But I don't know exactly. Yeah, I need to go through and look through all. We're also gonna have more support soon for you guys. So there's that. Yes, the amondia knows all about violations.

Lenea Marketily 00:53:45.990 
Well.

Lenea Marketily 00:54:10.810 
I mean, we're really used to it in terms of like Amazon by like getting flagged on Amazon. But for creators, like what does it mean that we're gonna have more support?

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:54:23.060 
Another team member to help with violations and stuff like that.

Lenea Marketily 00:54:28.920 
Is Hillary officially like, like without the, not with the company now?

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:54:35.050 
She's kind of with the company, but like not really and buy more support. I mean, hopefully Hillary will be back. So, but she had map it. It's like temp. She's basically on a hiatus right now. So, but, and then to like a song bandwidth will, yeah, she's on a sabbatical as song's bandwidth will clear up what we have. I know I need a sabbatical. Yeah, that was funny. What? We were joking about. Yeah, at. You can both come to the US or we could do Turkey. Okay, Turkey. Everyone in, I don't know, I could be wrong. Thanks. Okay, I'm down for that group trip to Greece. Big Greek, don't you? Okay. Alright. Do you mind? It can be our translator. Alright, perfect. Yeah, they're super common. Eva, I don't think that it's gonna be an issue for you. A lip mask is not something that, but like supplements happen a lot. Demondia as well, like the lymphatic drainage stuff. They'll do violations for that. I will pay. Honestly, once we're crushing it, I'm paying. We're all going on a group chat. We can all cram into the bus and go somewhere. But yeah, violations, they happen. Yeah, good, good. I hope you guys hold me to everything. But yeah, I, alright, I'm gonna text a bunch of people and I'm gonna work on a bunch of stuff the next, who knows, next 20 hours. So.

Lenea Marketily 00:54:43.770 
Oh, okay. Okay, okay, fine.

Lenea Marketily 00:55:01.160 
Sounds so nice. Yeah, let's all take a sabbatical. We'll go on our travel. That's the travel we were talking about. But we have to find a country that Hasan and they're both allowed to go to.

Hasan Zia / Cult Content 00:55:19.629 
Yeah. Tell me when you buy this.

Lenea Marketily 00:55:24.810 
I'm not sure Turkey would let me in right now. Greece. Let's go to Greece.

Lenea Marketily 00:55:40.870 
Tommy's peg, then. That's the best part.

Lenea Marketily 00:55:51.630 
Oh, really? I didn't even realize. That's so funny.

Lenea Marketily 00:56:36.070 
This part, calls being recorded. We're gonna hold you to it. And group chat.

Diamandia Lingos 00:57:05.690 
Where do I find the data on the content that was published for the bullet?

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:57:14.980 
Go to the affiliate center and then analytics and then all videos. And then that'll show you like top performing videos. That'll be the best content data that you get TikTok. It'll, but it's gotta be in the affiliate center. Are you in the affiliate center?

Diamandia Lingos 00:57:32.100 
Analytics. Oh, we go. I had to click one more button, Alex. Okay, wonderful.

Diamandia Lingos 00:58:02.910 
Okay, I'm gonna send you messages after I go through all this. Okay? Okay. Shows.

Tommy Lynch | Cult Content 00:58:07.180 
Sounds good. Anything else, guys, before we jump off? Questions, concerns, jokes, those there? Well, I got us. Must do so. I appreciate it if anything comes up, as always, just message us. So. Some. Thank you guys. Yeah.

Lenea Marketily 00:58:20.110 
I think we've given you enough.

Lenea Marketily 00:58:31.910 
I'm good at that. Great. Thanks. Okay.

Diamandia Lingos 00:58:32.380 
Alright, thank you. Hi.

Hasan Zia / Cult Content 00:58:35.109 
Bye. See you guys. I.

Eva Daci 00:58:35.190 
Thank you. Take care.

